Barbara Allen from his last soul.
It was in the merry month of June when the red rose was blooming.
Sweet William Gray from a north country.
Tell the lovely Barbara Allen.
Oh.
He sent his servant down to camp, where Miss Farbury was dwelling.
She says, come.
When Miss Farbury was dwelling, my master said, then he says, come there.
He says, please, Miss Farbury.
Slowly, slowly she got up And slowly she went to him And as she could say, when she got there And then our friend killed Ian He turned his pale face to the wall
He turned his back up from there.
He says, kind friend, stand around my bed.
Remember Bobby Allen.
As she was walking up and down the street, she saw his corpse coming.
She's in death at the corner of every street.
She knows she'll walk reality.
Read William Gray, that's a love today.
Remember that sorrow tomorrow.